docs: Update .NET agent install docs to reference the .NET agent samples repo (#17431)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/install-guides/install-net-agent-using-nuget.mdx

  The agent's `logs` folder gets created as a subfolder of the `newrelic` folder in your application's build/publish output directory.  The `logs` folder gets created with default permissions, meaning that it may not be writable by the agent if your app is run by a different user than the user who built/published the app.  Make sure that the user your app runs as can write to the `logs` folder.
</Callout>

> Here's an example of using NuGet via Visual Studio to install the .NET agent: (You can also find a similar example in our [.NET Agent Samples repository](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-examples/tree/main/console).)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of using NuGet via Visual Studio to install the .NET agent: (You can also find a similar example in our [.NET agent samples repository](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-examples/tree/main/elastic-beanstalk).
```
